Welcome to the demo video of our Visualization. So
when the user first opens up our website,
they will see the title a Holistic Look at
the College Lifecycle, along with the motivation
and use case the background. And finally, they
will come to the Visualization. So the first
visualization they will see is this map of
the United States, where the user will be
able to hover over individual states and see
those states statistics for tuition costs,
salary prospects. So you see here Massachusetts
average out of state tuition costs, average
in state tuition costs, average early career
pay, and average mid career pay. As the user
scrolls down further, they will reach the
college Compare functionality.
Here they will be able to select two different
colleges and compare statistics. So let's see
Northeastern University
compared to let's go with Alaska Pacific University. So
two very different colleges.The user will
then hit the Compare button.The first thing
they'll see pop up is a pie chart with the
diversity statistics of that particular university. So
they can hover over this pie chart and see
the exact percentages of students of these
races that are admitted. And the pie chart
will also change opacity and border width
so that the user can see exactly which slice
they're highlighting. As they scroll further
down, they'll come across two bar charts, one
for each college where we have the specific
in state tuition cost, out of state tuition
cost, early career pay, and mid career pay
for that college. And as the user hovers over
these bars, they will see the exact amounts
on the tooltip below, and they will also see
the respective bar on the other chart be highlighted
as well. You can see that for all the bars
on both graphs. Now, if the student is tired
of comparing Alaska Pacific University to
Northeast University, they can also come and
compare with another college, let's say Auburn
University.
Hit Compare and the graphs will update with
Auburn's data.
Thank you.